Refactoring of Testgrid Readme Files (#13104)
kubernetes/test-infra: testgrid/README.md

# Testgrid

> The testgrid site is accessible at https://testgrid.k8s.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes Testgrid instance is available at https://testgrid.k8s.io
```

    vice versa) with more weight given to more recent transitions.
*   **Sort by Name**: Sort alphabetically.

> 

Reviewer: nit: not clear to me whether this was intentionally deleted, I feel like it belongs in build_test_update.md

Author: It was moved to the configuration.md file; under #testing-your-configuration.

It seemed that someone changing a configuration who might not be familiar with "bazel test" at all would need to know about this test function.

Reviewer: got it; at present I'd still prefer it in build_test_update, the configuration file seems like a reference doc, not a how-to/playbook, but if others feel strongly the other way I'll let it drop

Author: I included a Testing section that lists the command here, but doesn't go into detail into its effects on config.yaml so that the doc isn't repeating itself.

Hopefully the best of both worlds

## Configuration

> If you need to add a new test that you want TestGrid to display, see [Testgrid Configuration](configuration.md).

Reviewer: nit: how about making this `config.md` to parallel `config.yaml`?

Reviewer: nit: there are more uses cases than adding a new test
